DOCS-3138: Add FAQ article for disabling the shopping cart (#2034)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integration/ready-made/prestashop-1-7/faq/disable-shopping-cart.md

---
title : "Disable shopping cart"
meta_title: "PrestaShop 1.7 - Disable shopping cart - MultiSafepay Docs"
read_more: "."
url: '/prestashop-1-7/disable-shopping-cart/'
---

> If you experience any issues with shopping cart calculations, you can disable sending the shopping cart with the payment request.
> 
> This should be used as a temporary solution. If any calculation errors occur, please contact us via email at <integration@multisafepay.com>
> 
> Buy now, Pay later payment methods can't be used if the shopping cart is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you notice errors in shopping cart calculations, email <integration@multisafepay.com>

 As a temporary solution, you can disable sending the shopping cart with the payment request.

{{< alert-notice >}} **Note:** Pay later methods do not work if the shopping cart is disabled. {{< /alert-notice >}}
```
